Add explanation about using ":" or "@" for componing the OKTETO_BUILD… (#215)
okteto/docs: src/content/reference/manifest.mdx

In order to refer to these images from anywhere in your [Okteto Manifest](/docs/cloud/okteto-cli/#okteto-manifest), you can use the following environment variables:

> You can build all these images by running `okteto build`, or `okteto build xxx` to build a single one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can build all these images by running `okteto build`, or `okteto build <image-name>` to build a single one.
```

> You can build all these images by running `okteto build`, or `okteto build xxx` to build a single one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can build all the images defined in your Okteto manifest by running `okteto build` or `okteto build <image-name>` to build a single one.
```
